docs(dns): add docs for dns&domain product (#909)
scaleway/docs-content: network/dns-cloud/how-to/configure-dnssec-external-domain.mdx

---
meta:

>   title: How to configure DNSSEC for an external domain name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  title: How to configure DNSSEC for an internal domain name
```

>   description: This page explains how to configure DNSSEC for an external domain name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: This page explains how to configure DNSSEC for an internal domain name.
```

content:

>   h1: How to configure DNSSEC for an external domain name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  h1: How to configure DNSSEC for an internal domain name
```

>   paragraph: This page explains how to configure DNSSEC for an external domain name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  paragraph: This page explains how to configure DNSSEC for an internal domain name.
```

dates:
  validation: 2022-10-12
  posted: 2022-10-12
---

> DNSSEC uses digital signatures based on public key cryptography to strengthen DNS authentication. You can enable or disable DNSSEC for each of your external domain names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DNSSEC uses digital signatures based on public key cryptography to strengthen DNS authentication. You can enable or disable DNSSEC for each of your internal domain names.
```

<Message type="requirement">

- You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com) 
- You have a external domain name managed with Scaleway Domains & DNS

</Message>

## How to activate DNSSEC

1. Click **Domains & DNS** in the **Network** section of the [Scaleway Console](https://console.scaleway.com) side menu. 

>  The Domain & DNS dashboard displays. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The Domain & DNS dashboard displays with a list of your domains.
```

> 2. Click the domain name you want to configure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click the **Internal domains** tab. The list of your internal domains displays.
```

> 3. Click **Activate** next to **DNSSEC** in the domain information section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click the domain name you want to configure. 
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click **Activate** under **DNSSEC** in the domain information section.
```

    <Lightbox src="scaleway-domain-dnssec.webp" alt="" />

> 4. Fill in the required information: 

Reviewer: This step doesn't exist anymore.

    * ID 
    * Algorithm
    * Digest type
    * Public key

> 5. Click **Activate DNSSEC** to activate the configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DNSSEC will be active in a matter of minutes. 
```

## How to edit or deactivate DNSSEC

1. Click **Domains & DNS** in the **Network** section of the [Scaleway Console](https://console.scaleway.com) side menu. 

>   The Domain & DNS dashboard displays. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The Domain & DNS dashboard displays with a list of your domains.
```

> 2. Click the domain name you want to configure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click the **Internal domains** tab. The list of your internal domains displays.
```

> 3. Click **Edit** next to **DNSSEC** in the domain information section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click the domain name you want to configure. 
```

> 4. Edit the DNSSEC information for your domain name, then click **Edit DNSSEC** to validate. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click **Deactivate** under **DNSSEC** in the domain information section.
```

> 5. Click **Deactivate DNSSEC** to deactivate DNSSEC. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DNSSEC will be deactivated in a matter of minutes.
```
